You know, there is no poison in it at all.
Father, here is the eldest brother, who is from Xingyuan.
So and explain. Father, wait for half an hour,
Half a lifetime.
OK, let’s discuss half the world.
If this rabbit doesn't respond, you will be guilty of kissing.
Brother Wang, this time of blocking the injury has passed.
The rabbit still didn't respond.
It seems that the crime of being pro-military is about to be confirmed. Father.
The eldest emperor brother obviously wants to show up to the third emperor brother in this situation.
Maybe when the fake thing happened just now, the eldest emperor brother bribed him to show up to the third emperor brother.
Three, my death is imminent